Everyone is on the weekend
Good luck for one week
How long has it been
You should do something good for yourself, like rushing or trying hard
Please take care of me Hagen-Dazs ah
For the first time in my life I bought myself
It is a chord
Is a special edition called Opera
Please
Is frozen
I Rappoi likely ne
You know I'm a thing I Haagen-Dazs oil in the fact that my lap together
It's a small amount of en 400 characters.
First of all, it's a scam
I will not buy it for myself
And choose each other
I think it's a waste of great money
Wow looks so high
Somewhat gold is riding on this black gold
And plum shiso this and this and even more
Pune this one place
Naa I eat usually these were large ice put out
I do not think that it is better to eat that super cup
But dangerous Ssho this dangerous
Absolutely good
Every period
Untitled
Maybe this is located about 80 yen in the amount of flame or great dangerous this only
8 duty that stretched the live
That's right
Yabai's Absolute Buy
Like you mother
Big
The quad
Most are ordinary ice of Tteyuu black was a surprise
What Te say of you
Not vanilla
Somehow I do not even there
This you have comes with thought indescribable
It's delicious
I think I think that there is something worth the name I mean Tsu bread peanuts regardless of Asia
It seems to be limited to convenience stores
By all means
By all means I So
Om